Added a governance doc (#2)
buildpacks/community: GOVERNANCE.md

# Cloud Native Buildpacks Governance

> This document defines the governance structure for Cloud Native Buildpacks. This project is committed to building an open, inclusive, productive and self-governing open source community that maintains high-quality tools for translating source code into OCI images. The community is governed by this document with the goal of defining how said community should work together to achieve this goal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document defines the governance structure for Cloud Native Buildpacks. This project is committed to building an open, inclusive, productive and self-governing open source community that maintains a specification and high-quality tools for translating source code into OCI images. The community is governed by this document with the goal of defining how said community should work together to achieve this goal.
```

> This document defines the governance structure for Cloud Native Buildpacks. This project is committed to building an open, inclusive, productive and self-governing open source community that maintains high-quality tools for translating source code into OCI images. The community is governed by this document with the goal of defining how said community should work together to achieve this goal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document defines the governance structure for Cloud Native Buildpacks. This project is committed to building an open, inclusive, productive and self-governing open source community that maintains high-quality tools for translating source code into OCI images. This document prescribes how said community should work together to achieve this goal.
```

Not as sure about the replacement wording but `The community is governed by this document` feels wrong

Author: I think i copied that from an CNCF project's governance doc, but agree it's odd. I'll think on it.

## Repositories
The following code repositories are governed by the Cloud Native Buildpacks community and maintained under the [buildpacks](https://github.com/buildpacks) organization.

* [spec](https://github.com/buildpacks/spec)
* [lifecycle](https://github.com/buildpacks/lifecycle)
* [pack](https://github.com/buildpacks/pack)
* [docs](https://github.com/buildpacks/docs)
* [rfcs](https://github.com/buildpacks/rfcs)

> * [resources](https://github.com/buildpacks/resources)

Reviewer: Should include https://github.com/buildpacks/samples and https://github.com/buildpacks/imgutil

> ## Core Team

Reviewer: We should describe the voting rules for spec changes.

The Core team is responsible for the direction of the project (roadmap), subteam leadership, the spec, and cross-cutting concerns. This includes:

* [spec](https://github.com/buildpacks/spec)
* [rfcs](https://github.com/buildpacks/rfcs)

> Core team members are responsible for voting on RFCs and other changes to the project such as changes in leadership or community roles. No company will have a combined voting block of larger than 50%.

Reviewer: nit: add empty line before next section

## Sub-teams

> Sub-teams are responsible for narrower sets of concerns related to specific aspects of the project. Each sub-team will include at least one core team member to help align with the broader roadmap.

Reviewer: nit: add empty line before next section

### Roles

#### Maintainers

> Maintainers are in charge of the day to day maintenance of the team's projects. They review

Reviewer: How about: `They review and merge PRs, ensuring contributions align with project goals and meet the project's quality standards.`

Reviews PRs, ability to merge.
Ensures code 	quality

New maintainers must already be contributors, must be nominated by an existing maintainer or core team member, and must be elected by a supermajority of the core team. Likewise, maintainers can be removed by a supermajority of the core team or can resign by notifying one of the maintainers.

#### Contributors
Contributors are those who make regular contributions to the project (documentation, code reviews, responding to issues, participation in proposal discussions, contributing code, etc.). New contributors may be self-nominated or be nominated by existing contributors, and must be elected by a supermajority of that project’s maintainers.

### Implementation Team
The Implementation team is responsible for maintaining the components that constitute the Cloud Native Buildpacks reference implementation of the specification. This includes:

* [lifecycle](https://github.com/buildpacks/lifecycle)

> * [libbuildpack](https://github.com/buildpacks/libbuildpack)

Reviewer: We should probably group `imgutil` with the Implementation team, because it is imported by `lifecycle` and its performance and accuracy are essential to the behavior of `lifecycle`. 

It's current permissions don't seem to fit neatly into any bucket- https://github.com/buildpacks/imgutil/settings/access.

### Platform Team

> The Platform team is responsible for maintaining the components that constitute the reference platform. This includes:

Reviewer: I thought we had explicitly shied away from calling `pack` a "reference".  Calling out `pack` by name might be the most helpful to newcomers. Maybe `pack and any other platforms or platform components`.

* [pack](https://github.com/buildpacks/pack)
* [Tekton Template](https://github.com/tektoncd/catalog/tree/master/buildpacks)

### Learning Team
The Learning team is responsible for maintaining the project’s documentation, website, and resources. This includes:

* [docs](https://github.com/buildpacks/docs)

> * [resources](https://github.com/buildpacks/resources)

Reviewer: `samples` seems to make the most logical sense in the Learning team, but for practical reasons is currently maintained by the Platform team

Reviewer 2: We talked about this in the Leadership meeting, and the learning team today isn't owning the `samples` repo, but we should make changes on the Learning team to account for that instead of moving the project.

## Emeritus Team
Serving as a member of an open source project requires a huge amount of work that cannot be sustained indefinitely. The emeritus team includes members of the project to whom we will always be grateful, but who no longer actively participate in the project.

> Project members will graduate to the emeritus team with a supermajority vote from the core team, and after giving notice that they no longer intend to participate in the project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Project members will graduate to the emeritus team with a supermajority vote from the core team, and after giving notice that they no longer intend to consistently participate in the project.
```

?

## RFC Process
Each major decision in Cloud Native Buildpacks starts as a Request for Comments (RFC). Everyone is invited to discuss the proposal, to work toward a shared understanding of the tradeoffs.

> RFCs record potential changes with the context and information at the given time. This provides a defined process for anyone wishing to contribute to the Cloud Native Buildpacks project as well as collect a diverse set of inputs and give opportunity for engagement. Anyone who chooses not to actively participate in any RFC is presumed to trust their colleagues on the matter. Once an RFC is accepted, they can be referenced as read-only documents in this repository until replaced or amended by another RFC when context has significantly changed.

Reviewer: `anyone wishing to contribute` -> `anyone wishing to propose a substantial change`

> 

Reviewer: Maybe we should call out that RFCs are not to be taken as documentation or specification. Details of the implementation may deviate from the RFC.
